There was one time I jumped in to a a
conversation. It was about the Skinny
Bob stuff. Oh yeah. There were people
just talking about like, oh, you know,
this video is amazing. And I'm like, are y'all
still talking about this video? It's clearly
like a [__] dude. Like, I'm here with one
of my production heroes, Flying Lotus. Uh,
I feel like I can't even categorize you. I have
to call you creative because you are an amazing
director. You make films. Uh you're I think
one of the best hip-hop producers ever. Well,
you come from maybe the most kind of interesting
musical family I could think of. Alice Col Train
is your what is your great aunt. Is that right?
Yeah. Yeah. She was like Yoda, you know. She was
like a Yoda type person. When I play it, it makes
me recall Egypt, ancient Egypt. It makes me seem
to remember that that that I have a past or a
history there somewhere. She just had she was
tapped in for sure to to the source. Maybe this
is something that we were, you know, connected
to a bit earlier in in our development as human
beings, you know. Um maybe we were closer to God,
closer to the source, closer to the stars. You saw
a [__] like frozen alien or something yourself,
right? Didn't you see like that? I might have. I
might have. I saw a thing with three fingers and
three toes. I think Spielberg knew some [__]
And then he looked around the room and he said,
"And there are a number of people in this room who
know that everything on that screen is absolutely
true." People would call in and they're like,
"We're doing time travel stuff at Area 51."
what we're thinking of as as aliens. They're
they're extradimensional beings that an earlier
[Music]
I'm here with one of my production heroes, Flying
Lotus. Uh, I feel like I can't even categorize
you. I have to call you a creative because you
are an amazing director. You make films. Uh,
you're, I think, one of the best hip-hop producers
ever. And, um, uh, yeah, man, just an all-around
awesome guy. And and I didn't even know you
were interested in UFOs until we started DMing,
I think, on Twitter or something. And it was
that was so surreal to me because I was like,
I've been listening to this guy for 15 plus years
and he's into the stuff I'm putting out. What's
going on? It was it was pretty surreal for me for
you to respond the way you did too because I was
just like, you know, I felt like I was reaching
out to a few people just to try to get some info
and some insight on, you know, what people knew
and and you responded and you're like, whoa. I
like whoa. Cuz I've been following you too, you
know. So, it was it was a trip and you know,
I'm really excited to do this. Same, man. Well,
you were asking amazing questions. You were like,
why can't we just get Lou Alzando and Kirk Patrick
in a room together? Yeah, why not? I'm with you.
It's like, why is that so hard? Why are they
who's who's not making it happen? I feel like
one of them would would love to do it and the
other doesn't. Yeah, it's a lot of like cheap
shots from afar. It's like, why can't we get Grush
and Elon Musk in a room together? Why can't Yeah,
why not? Who's Who's afraid? Who's afraid? Well,
in my experience, it's usually the anti-UFO side
that it's like they're hiding something. They're
guarding something. Yeah. and they probably put
up that whole front like, "Oh, I have no time to
talk to these people who are they're clearly liars
and all this stuff." So, I don't know. It's kind
of kind of bizarre for me to like on the outside
where you're just like you're seeing all this all
this testimony and you're hearing all these things
and then everyone's just kind of like talking
in their own little echo chambers and speaking
about it and it's just it'd be nice to just have
a round table with all these people, you know,
have what's this? What's that cat? Um, what's
who's the skeptic? The big skeptic. Mick West. MC
West. Yeah, put him in there. You know, like Yeah.
Put everybody up there. Everybody. Let's just
work it out together. Do you have any favorite
UFO or alien conspiracies? Oh, yeah. I love um
I love There's a few. I love obviously Bob Lazar
story is is super amazing. Yeah. And that touches
on a lot of the stuff on your shirt for sure. Bob
Lazar story is is one of the it's like one of the
gateway drugs. It it is the gateway drug. Yeah. Um
there's another I forget the cast's name, but the
guy who worked at Rathon and Eric Hecker. Yes,
that guy. The dude that said we have a neutrino
emitter and detector on the South Pole. Yes.
But it also was the reason for the Christ Church
earthquake earthquake in New Zealand. Crazy. And
uh I love that. I mean, I don't know if it's true,
but I [__] love that. It's wild. It's such a
such a wild idea. Um and you know, I don't know
how much of it is true. I don't know what's real,
what's not. I feel like he must have been there.
I think there's photos that he shared. He was
right there. Yeah, he was there. Um but you know,
he said a lot of stuff was like overheard
like water cooler talk. So, you know, who
knows what that even means. But, but yeah, Steven
Greer, fascinating dude. You know, he hates you,
bro. I loved watching that episode of him talking
to you, man. I never seen him be so [__] mean.
He showed up to that, dude. He was like, he was
out the gate like not [__] with you. He called
me a dillant like four times. He said a lot, man.
He said a lot. I I'll if you let me finish, I'll
tell you. You know, he was like, "Look, I've been
in this for 30 years." He was like, "You you don't
really know anything." Okay, I'm sorry. But it's
funny though, man. I I I was actually um on my way
here, I was thinking about how just thinking about
the community in general because I, you know, ever
since I've started liking tweets, all I get is UFO
stuff um in my feed and there's like, you know,
the usual suspects who are posting stuff. John
Greenwald and um was like UFO Joe. UFO Joe. UAP
UAP. He's amazing. Um, but I always find the just
the the auxiliary community so interesting. Yeah.
Um, and I don't really engage with it. I'm kind
of a lurker. That's good. That's a better position
to be in, trust me. But there was one time there
was one time I I jumped in to a a conversation. It
was about It was one of those uh UFO accounts
that was talking about the Skinny Bob stuff.
Oh yeah. And like the the Skinny Bob video and I
was like there were people just talking about like
oh you know this video is amazing and I'm like are
y'all still talking about this video? It's clearly
CGI is like a [__] dude. Like I said that and
people were pissed. They were pissed. They were
like who's this blue check I had never heard
before? he got a whole bunch of followers on.
Like he sound he's sending disinformation out
there. Like I was like, "Oh [__] son." Like
people want to believe this [__] so bad. Believe
it so badly. And I feel bad now because we're in a
time where like we're making all these crazy AI
videos and all this stuff. And it's just like,
man, these people, they're I feel bad. No, it's a
religion for most people that are into it. Yeah.
because they're like, if this stuff is real, it
has to incorporate into some larger metaphysical
worldview, right? And then it's like that's all
that matter. It's the only thing cuz then reality
is not what it seems. And then you see them
get so argumentative and angry and dig their
heels and if you hit one of the things that
they're like sure about and it's it's one of
the things that's hard about the quote unquote
communities. You have to I feel bad for you. I
feel bad for you. I feel like anytime like after
the Joe Rogan thing, I think I saw people just
feel like Jesse Michaels is like a paid somebody
[__] working for the government or some [__]
or like you know you're like the billionaires are
in your pocket and all that stuff and like Yeah,
I think 20% of Reddit thinks I'm like a CIA agent
or something. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Well,
it's kind of shitty because not only are there
like dangerous situations or like seemingly
dangerous situations. I feel like I'm in visav
those people, right? But I'm also And now I'm
[__] Now, now you're [__] bro. [__] going
to come for me. You're going to get tracked. You
don't [__] believe the skinny Bob video. Oh, you
dick. I'm blocking you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm
saying that you get it on both sides when you get
deep enough. You get like the conspiracy theorists
think that you're part of the establishment and
then the establishment is probably keeping tabs
on you and you're like [__] hey, this is
crazy. So thanks. Thanks. Oh man, this is my
[__] is tapped now. It wasn't tapped before.
It's tapped now. Just be in here with you. Oh,
that's funny. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Where do
you think it goes? Do you think it um what just
the whole UFO conversation? Do you think this ends
with something get getting unveiled to Area 51,
a saucer in a hanger? Do you think the president
makes I feel like that moment right there, the
president makes announcement. I always think about
that and I always think about how many people be
like, "Well, Trump said it. I don't believe it."
Right. Right. Or then there's the people that say,
"Ah, Trump said, well, I definitely believe."
Yeah. But I know that the weight of that is
somewhat diminished in this term. You know what
I mean? Yeah. Yeah. It's something about it just
I mean if he comes out and says that [__]
everyone's going to be like why' he say that?
Totally. What else? What else? What? Well, we
know already but where's the video? They show
you the video. It's like well it's AI. Yeah.
Oh well I mean honestly you got to be like
hang they got to be here with us. Y you know and
and like it's going to take so much. I think at
this point you can have the material. I got this
piece of metal. Scan it. Yeah, you saw you saw a
[__] like frozen alien or something yourself,
right? You see like I might have I might have I
saw a thing with three fingers and three toes.
They call it the touch the tridactyl beings
in Peru from dated from the Nazca period where
there's cave art all over there. One of the the
um biioinformatics genetics people found a
mutation that matches a human mutation that
involves digit differences on the finger. Crazy
stuff that one of them has a fetus that might be
tidactyl inside of it. Yeah. Eggs, right? One has
eggs. Yeah. One has eggs. So it's like But yeah,
isn't Haimeme Mousan part of that? Yeah. Situation
and he's a known fraud. So like it's all [__]
isn't it? And you I don't know. I'm just saying.
That's And I met I spent a lot of time with Haime.
I love Haime. I think he's awesome. I went to the
the unveiling of Oh, you did? That's right. I went
Yeah. It was like Yeah. It was like down the
street from my house basically. So I was like,
"Shit, I'm going there. I'm going to check that
out." What was your take when like on the spot
with the with the beings? Um well, they didn't
have them there. There was a presentation like
saying that they are, you know, they were showing
the photos and the the X-rays and all that stuff.
Y um so it was a little hard to really have an
opinion when you don't have you're not seeing
it with, you know. Sure. But I just take it all
with a grain of salt. I find it fascinating. It
was I had a great time. Yeah. Met a couple cool
people there and left. That's the move, man. You
You have the right orientation towards this whole
subject, which is like it's fun and like we'll see
what happens. Yeah, we'll see what happens. Um
I will say though, there's times where I'm like,
"No, man. This is real. H, you know, there's been
there's been those moments, but then there's been
moments where, you know, it's just like, well,
of course it's us. Of course it's our technology.
Why would they want to say why would they want to
admit that?" um you know, we're making all these
crazy anti-gravity propulsion. Why would they want
to share that with anyone? I think the way to back
them into a corner is you go as deep as you can on
the anti-gravity stuff and then you go as deep as
you can on the UFO stuff and then it's like, okay,
unless you have all these fighter pilots lying,
then one of these is right, you know? Yeah. So
I would think hey man I who's I'm not saying the
pilots are wrong but maybe they're seeing Loheed
Martin stuff. Yeah. And I don't know the whole um
what Jay Barber Jay Barber Jake Barber stuff with
the Skywasher stuff that's really fascinating.
Super trippy. Really interesting. Then when Jake
Barber came out on that, what was it with Ross
Khart when it came out, man? That video, he was
like talking the whole time. Me and my buddy was
like, "All right, let's take a shot if he blinks."
Chad didn't blink at all. He was sober like a
[__] That's funny. But like, but man, it's
it's it's really interesting, fascinating stuff.
And I I don't mean to poke fun or whatever, but
I I think it's I mean, if you follow this stuff,
I really do hope that you have a sense of humor
about it because you need to you got to it's it's
just like, you know, you get so worked up. People
get so worked up over these things. I can tell
just by the tweets and seeing stuff. Um but yeah,
people need to touch grass and be families, you
know. Sometimes people get so heated. I'm like,
just relax. It's all good. Yeah, it's all good.
It's all good. You know, if it if it is true, your
life is not going to change. You're still gonna
have to go to work tomorrow. That's right. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Whatever it is, at least right now,
is like weekly entangled with our reality. Like we
are, you got to still be a good person. You got to
pay your bills. You got to do all these things
that like, yeah, aliens don't really affect it
that much. You know how we're always diving
into the edge of science and consciousness on
this show? Lately, I've been thinking a lot about
aging. Not just in terms of years, but in how it
actually feels in the body. Slower recovery,
lower energy, that middle-aged fog that sneaks
up on you. I feel like I can barely go out and
drink alcohol anymore. That's why I started using
something called qualiaenolytic. And it's been a
major shift for me. Let me explain. As we age, our
bodies accumulate what scientists call scesscent
cells, also known as zombie cells. These are worn
out cells that stop dividing but don't die. They
hang around in your body, draining your energy,
clogging up your recovery, and generally making
you feel older than you are. Qualiosenolytic is
a firstofits-kind supplement formulated with nine
plant-based compounds designed to help your body
naturally eliminate these zombie cells. It's not
something you take every day, just 2 days a month,
but it supports your body in aging better at the
cellular level. Since I've started taking it,
I've felt sharper, lighter, and like my body's
resilience has come back online. It's vegan,
non-GMO, and grounded in serious research.
Experience the science of feeling younger.
Go to qualityife.com/jesse for up to 50% off
your purchase and use code jessie. Again,
that's js e for an additional 15% off.
That's qu u a l i a l i f.com/jessej
ss e for an extra 15% off your purchase. Thanks
so much to Qualia for sponsoring this episode.
And like I'm sorry if if Ross Kohhard really knows
where there's a giant UFO. He knows where it is. I
feel like there's ways of leaking that information
that doesn't, you know, get anyone hurt. I uh just
interviewed him and of course I asked him that. Is
there anything Joe Rogan just talked about this?
Everybody talks about this amazing bombshell
thing that you reported on. You know what I'm
going to say? Yeah. This UFO possibly found in
uh uh uh that that that they needed to build a
bunker around that was like, you know, a mile
plus long. Anything you can say about it? I do
not resile from saying what I've said previously,
which is that there is a buried or at least built
upon UFO that was too big to move. And that's it.
He did not give me the answer. Something tells me,
you know, he might be bending the truth a little
bit. You know, I don't know. He He implied and I
can say this because he said this to me and it's
coming out. He was like it it's an extremely
sensitive site that you you'd endanger personnel
on the ground like maybe soldiers or something.
So that makes me think like current war zone.
It's a very sensitive place. Mhm. That should
be enough of a guide for you. Mhm. And to reveal
the full extent of what I know would compromise
the lives of young men and women who are doing
good things for America completely separate from
the UAP program. And they're probably oblivious
to what's sitting downstairs. There's ways to
leak information. He knows that. Yeah. You know,
it doesn't have to trace back. Come to him, right?
Yeah. Ross. Yeah. Come on, man. Like, come on,
man. If you can really change the world. Yeah, you
should. Yeah. Yeah. Come on, Ross. Oh, that's it.
You know, it's like I understand his spot though,
too, because say he hasn't fully corroborated
that that's true. like he somebody shouldn't be
saying then he shouldn't be saying [__] right?
He shouldn't be going cuz he's very confident
when he says that stuff. Yeah, it's true. So, it's
like, you know, I remember when those the Chinese
drones were flying over and he was always like,
"My sources say this and my sources say that and
he's so confident about sources and then his
sources keep changing the story still." Well,
he just came out with something about the drones
recently. His sources did. Yeah, his sources did.
He said that something about the drones being
American military exercises like Yeah. Yeah. So,
I don't know. The sources told him it was
the Chinese too before at first, you know,
it was like there's some I mean, if anyone out
there is really about to change the world with
this stuff. I feel like the powers that be might
forgive you, might not go to jail forever, might
not get executed. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think
it's worth I I think it's worth it if you really
got the goods, right? Yeah. Like you'd be you'd be
the people's champion. I would do it if I wouldn't
be torpedoing uh like if it was like a person that
was like you will get me killed or something like
I can't do that. But if it was like you'd be like
Julian Assange, dude. Like you don't want to you
don't want to but Julian Assange is man. It's
not a fun life. But yeah, this the difference
though. Yeah. Right. is like that information is
totally different than True. It's not like you're
just going headtohead with Mike Pompeo on the CIA.
It's totally different. It's like this is just pro
in a movie. What's that? You could play
Luigi in a movie. Oh, I'm down. I heard
Super Super Mario's brothers were It was a
very high grossing uh film. So, you know,
you got to pay a pretty penny if you want me as
a you know, Rock Green. I'm talking about the
[__] guy who killed the Oh, man. God damn,
man. Why are you going to throw that at me?
But you know what? He He's the people he was
the people's chant. He was a people's champ for
a while. I don't quite know why. I mean, I kind
of get it because United Healthcare sucks, you
know? It's like also [__] that guy. Not that he
deserved what whatever happened, but I Yeah, it's
a weird one. I don't think that killing people
is the way to the way forward with anything. Um,
but you know, in terms of making a difference and
stuff, if you got the goods Mhm. like that. Yeah.
Like UFO goods like that, like world changing.
Come on, man. It's It's interesting. I think you
met my buddy Chris Ramsey. We were hanging out in
Austin. Amazing magician. Has an awesome channel,
Area 52. Yeah. He asked me on the podcast. He
was like, "Is it the logical conclusion that you
will be shown a UFO?" I hadn't even thought
of that. That maybe personally? Yeah. Like
that'd be cool. Like I wonder if like Art Bell
was shown, you know, Art Bell, Coast to Coast,
like was he shown a UFO? like he had these things
art arts parts these little bits and pieces of UFO
stuff and I wonder if he was ever given access
to anything cuz he was in Nevada area and like
I don't know he just had so many crazy crazy
whistleblowers back then it's interesting people
think the whistleblower thing is a new phenomena
like then people would call in and they're like
we're doing time travel stuff at Area 51 they
know I'm I'm running from them I just quit or
whatever like people call in saying this [__] it
crazy. I I've kind of been running AC across the
country. Um Oh man, I don't know where to start.
They're uh they're they're going to um they'll
triangulate on this position really really soon.
So, you can't spend a lot of time on the phone,
so give us something quick. Okay. Um um Okay. what
what we're thinking of as as aliens are. They're
uh they're they're extradimensional beings that
an earlier precursor of the um space program
made contact with. Uh they they are not what they
claim to be. uh they have infiltrated a lot of uh
uh a lot of aspects of of of the military
establishment particularly the Area 51 uh the
the disasters that are coming they the military
I'm sorry the the government knows about them
and there's a lot of safe areas in this world that
they could begin moving the population to now are
but they're not doing they're not doing anything.
They are not they want the major population
centers wiped out so that the the few that are
left will be more easily controllable. Discharge.
[Music] Well, this was certainly interesting. We
are now on a backup system, everybody. A backup
system. And uh that one caller that I had on
the air, I guess we were about in the middle
of his transmission, his telephone call, which
was one of the strangest ones I've ever had,
and the entire transmitting system by satellite
went down here. And we were notified we were off
the air. and it would appear to be from this end
and some sort of uh massive transmit failure. So,
we are now using a backup system to be on the air
and not that I would normally believe this kind
of thing, mind you, but I can't help but wonder
if somebody somebody zapped us in some way. Yeah,
man. I mean, look, if they got the goods, someone
needs to say something or else you're just going
to get a bunch of the same same stuff that we've
been seeing. I don't It's going to take a lot to
to move the needle, I think, at this point. You
know, everyone's like waiting for that movie with
the Age of Disclosure come out or whatever. Like,
that's going to make a difference. Like, it's just
going to be another same people talking the same
thing. Ain't showing nothing different, you know?
So, We'll see what happens. Yeah. I'm curious,
man. Well, watch it, though. I'm still watch it,
though. Oh, me too. It's a great movie. Do you
Will you help with the whole thing by making a
movie about one of these stories? Well, yeah. I
would I I would like to try my hand at it. I get a
little discouraged because I know old Spielberg's
coming out with his disclosure. Yeah. He's going
to do his thing. I don't know what what angle his
is going to be. Uh, it's a love story with Emily
Blunt. Of course, it's a love story. They're all
love stories. They're all love. Stephen Spielberg.
Yeah. But what's the other thing? But do you like
Spielberg? I I I would guess that maybe you're not
the biggest Spielberg fan. It's funny you say that
cuz I feel like you don't like conventional [__]
It's funny you say that. I love Spielberg. Really?
I love conventional movie. I love it. I love it. I
love it. When you can do when you can do the whole
hero's journey thing well and it works. Yeah. It's
It's amazing. And I'll be honest with you, a big
part of my love for Spielberg is John Williams,
though. Oh, amazing. I mean, the music's amazing.
So, like, you want to go back to like Well,
Jurassic Park is actually like a like top
movies. Oh, yeah. You know, um 10 years old
seeing that movie for the first time. I want to be
a paleontologist after I saw that. You know, I was
like change like going to change the trajectory
of my life kind of movie. But I think there was
something about his movies with John Williams
that that synergy, that connection just really
um it brought in the sense of wonderment. Oh
yeah. In in the film and it just made like I
didn't realize until like last year. I went
through a Spielberg thing last year. I was I
watched all of the movies. all of them because I
was really it was more so a John Williams thing
I was going through. Um so I had to watch all the
Spielberg stuff but you know Close Encounters. I
had actually never seen that one before. Oh wow.
And it was like perfect timing you know all the
UFO stuff and um I was just blown away and I saw
I'm embarrassed to say this but I only saw ET for
the first time this year. I love ET. That movie
destroyed me. And I was like I was watching that
movie like as a grown man, but I was also like a
12-year-old boy watching that movie and like the
last half hour I just couldn't stop crying. It was
just like just endless. Just couldn't stop. It was
that movie just destroyed me. I could think about
that right now and probably start crying. It's
It's so good. And when he's biking and you have ET
with the hood on and these and they starts flying
off the cliff or whatever and the John Williams
thing comes in like oh my god. I think Spielberg
knew some [__] about UFOs. I think he has some
inside sources. Yeah, because you watched Close
Encounters of the Third Kind. You have stuff in
there. You have the crates that say TRW and Skunk
Works in the late 80s when nobody really knew that
much about those two frontier R&D. Something was
up. He was definitely he was definitely clued in.
And there was like there was some weird stuff too
like the orbs. He had some like like orbs that
trailed after the big UFO thing. And I didn't
even know that. There were some like weird little
they were like here we go just right. It was like
little little stuff like it was like really the
sunburn that he gets when the UFO passes over
the mountain or whatever which that's really
interesting. Dude, I didn't even pick up on
it. Oh yeah. It's like it's like electromagnetic
radiation damage, which if you like, you know,
Kit Green and Gary Nolan, you know, CIA spooky
stuff. They're looking at biological effects of
people who've witnessed or encountered UFOs. It's
the same stuff now. And then ET, you have the kid
lock on with ET and they have the same bio-ythm
and heart, you know, readings or whatever. And
that's like Jake Barber where it's like he's
locking on to the the craft. And then the final
one, this is my favorite one. You seen Back to
the Future? No. I live under a rock. Yeah. So,
he executive produced that. Yeah. So, we've
talked about this guy Thomas Towns and Brown.
Yeah. Your boy. I love Thomas. Can't get through
an interview without mentioning this anti-gravity
amazing anti-gravity inventor. But in general
relativity, time and gravity are related. So,
the whole his whole life he's obsessed with time
travel. And if you watch Back to the Future, it's
EMTT E M T Brown. Thomas Towns and Brown flies on
his flux capacitor which is capacitor experiment.
It was Brown uh it took place in Pasadena which is
where Brown lived. That might be coincidental. I
don't know man. I don't know. Wow. I don't know.
And then it was it was the year that he died. It
was 1985 and then it goes back to 1957 which is
when he proved his experiment and it was powered
by Mr. Fusion. His experiments were powered by He
wanted them to be powered by nuclear reactions.
I want to watch it again. Yeah, want to watch
the game. I think that movie might even cuz if
if some of this stuff is time travel, that movie
is fascinating because it points to us mistaking
the UFO thing for aliens, extraterrestrials, when
actually it's time travel because the kid, I don't
know if you remember this, but the Delorean comes
back in time and um it hits it goes into the shed
and the kid has a magazine, like a UFO magazine,
and he's he's looking at the thing and he goes,
"It has no seams. It has no rivets. He goes,
"It must be a flying saucer." And then and then
uh when Marty goes back, he comes out like he's an
alien, too, right? That's right. That's right. It
looks like it is. So, they mistake it. And then
when Marty comes back, his father goes, he's
trying to get his mom and uh dad back together
so that he can exist in the future timeline. And
his dad goes, and he's like, "Dad, like, you
know, he doesn't call him dad, but he goes,
you know, she really likes you. Like, come on, get
together." He goes, "I wouldn't listen to you."
Unless you were an alien showing up in my bedroom
from another galaxy and then he shows up. So,
it's almost like showing how we might mistake.
And then Stephen Spielberg in an interview says,
"What do you think is more likely?" Uh, you
know, distant galaxy, Zeta Reticuli, you know,
Andromeda, you know, whatever. Or did he say Zeta
Reticuli? He said one of those dude. I was like,
damn. S go there. Then he definitely clued in.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if he did. I might
be putting that as or or he said and he says
is that or is it us thousands of years in the
future and they're keeping track and trying to
like adjust timelines? What if they're not from
an advanced civilization 300 million lighty years
from here? But what if it's us 500,000 years into
the future? He said it with Co Bear recently and
he apparently said it to the Deadpool creator. So
I don't know. He might know some [__] It was in
the White House screening room. Yeah. and Reagan
got up to thank me for bringing the film to show
him you to show the president, the first lady and
all of their guests. And um and he just stood up
and he looked around the room almost like he was
doing a headcount and he said, "I want to thank
you for bringing ET to the White House. We really
enjoyed your movie." And then he looked around
the room and he said, "And there are a number
of people in this room who know that everything
on that screen is absolutely true." And he said
it without smiling. Um um but he but but but he
he said that and everybody laughed. By the way,
the whole room laughed because he presented it
like a joke, but he wasn't smiling as he said it.
I think it's uh it's perfect that he's doing this
movie and you can get him on your podcast. Oh,
let's go. How do we do that? Reach out. Start now.
Start reaching out now. Well, he's a hardcore UFO.
He he blur, you know, James Fox, of course. Yeah.
So he like wrote a little complimentary thing
like a review for James Fox's first movie out of
the blue which I haven't seen that one actually.
It's from 20 maybe 14 or something like it's from
a while ago. So it's like just shows how hardcore
into it man. That's wild. I think it was funny
though. Spielberg was like I I heard him say
something like um he he he gave a lot of props
to Denny Villanu for Arrival. He was like, "Yeah,
this the best UFO movie since Close Encounters."
Like damn, bro. Like you you really on your [__]
like that. You really feeling yourself. That's
great. Since my movie. The best one since I did
something. Arrival is amazing. Arrival is amazing.
It's incredible. Arrival is amazing. Do you ever
read the book associ? I haven't either. So I just
want have nothing to say about it. Oh be cool if I
had read it. Um yeah but yeah Spielberg he's he's
switched on man. And uh James Foxh how do you feel
about that moment of contact that I thought that
was really interesting. I think that's his best
movie. Well I I think the phenomenon James Fox
is amazing. I love him. I think he's got the best
energy. He's like the type of guy I I would love
for him to be the guy to film the first UFO or
find it because he's been he was uh valeting cars
and painting fences while he was making his first
movies. He's so passionate and he just in it for
all the right reasons. He's so collaborative. He
just loves everybody. So he's the man. Um the
phenomenon I feel like is the best like entry
point if you don't know anything. I always show
that to people who are like what about what's
going on with this? I was like, "Yeah, watch
that one." Because it's like it breaks it down
in in the best way. It's like best overview.
Best gateway. Yeah, exactly. And then Moment
of Contact, I think, is one of the best docs on
this ever. And it's I love that it's so out of
left field. It's not some official US government
thing. It's like these people in Virginia aren't
lying about this stuff. Yeah, man. It's really,
really fascinating. I just FaceTimed him. He's
made moment of contact, too. Oh, really? What
else are you going to say about it? There's a lot
of new crazy stuff. Y Okay. Y Well, I'm curious.
I'm curious. Do you think that more like It was
such a revelation to me to see that you were into
this. I was like, "This is the coolest collision
of worlds. Do you think that more people in just
general culture continue?" Cuz I think it's on
Twitter. It's like you and Father John Misty are
like to me like the cultural icons who are like
peeping into UFO Twitter and like liking stuff
here and there. I don't know if you know that,
but I didn't know that. That's cool. Oh, it's
really random and funny. Yeah. And he'll he he
wrote like something like uh when I when I heard
Diana Pulka say that Chris Bledsoe is the new Paul
Benowitz, I realized I needed to get a life or
something. That was his like recent tweet. That's
perfect. That's perfect. It's like, bro, like you
were deep in it, you know, at that point. That's
perfect. Also, dude, from what? Blink182. Oh,
Tom Delong. I mean, he's Yeah, dude. What? See,
that's your autism, bro. That's your autism. You
got you got everybody's name. Like, you're so good
with names. I watch you do interviews all the
time and you know everybody. The name is like,
"Oh, yeah." Like, I don't know how you do that.
Like somebody bring up some obscure book that
someone wrote and you know the author's name and
everybody who's in it and get that [__] dude.
Like I forget everybody's name. I don't know
y'all's name back here filming. Names already.
Got Sam and Mauricio. Sam and Mauricio. Are you
lying? No, I'm not lying. I got that right. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. But I find that to be like that's
actually super powerful. That's my first of all,
it's a totally useless skill. No, it isn't. Chat
G. No, it isn't. You don't need memory. It's a
parlor trick on a podcast. No, no, no. It's
always impressive to me. Well, I appreciate
that. That means a lot. That It's funny. It means
a lot to Sam and Mauricio, too, that you remember
their names, too. Yeah. Well, hey, what can I
say? I mean, uh I think it's I think it's my
only skill. After the Rogan thing, we hung out
at the mothership at his comedy thing and and
my girlfriend was there and she was talking to
him for a bit and he was like to it was the best
compliment. He was like, "Jesse's memory is next
level." And to me, his memory is next level. Well,
I mean, cuz it's like he knows all sorts of crazy
facts about all the like I'm in a narrow domain. I
probably have a decent memory on some of the other
stuff, but like he's got diverse interests. Yeah,
he's got diverse interests. He's actually one of
the people who got me to try DMT for the first
time. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Back in the
MySpace days. Whoa. He was he was talking about
it. And I think this is even before he it was
like a doing the podcast like that. But yeah, he
was Yeah, he was early on DMT. He was, you know,
got me on Rick Straman's book and all that stuff.
And uh I brought some DMT for you actually. Just
kidding. Uh I think this would be the most absurd
environment. Don't smoke DMT here. Don't Don't do
it here. Don't do it here. I would break. But you
should try it. Maybe I will talked about that
last time. Honestly, I don't I've done Iawaska.
Technically, I've done it, but not the not the
fast acting. Yeah, maybe. Maybe check it out if
it comes your way. Okay. Yeah, maybe check it out.
You've told me some stories. Hey, you know, it's
um it's fascinating stuff. I feel like my brain
don't think of the stuff that that showed me. So,
I find it to be really really interesting.
Yeah, that's fascinating. It's like you were
in another objective reality. Like where does
that if that's not in your mind? Yeah. Cuz you
know where is that? I always think about you know
people saying when they trip they talk about like
oh I was I was in Jimmyi Hendricks's guitar when
I was listening to his music and all that stuff.
Like Jimmyi Hendris was nowhere to be found in
this reality. It was like really just stuff that
I never my brain doesn't go in this direction. But
it's funny though cuz I don't really recommend it
to people anymore except people like yourself for
I feel like my worldview is so trippy though. I
worry I worry that it would I know you're saying
that like you you're afraid that like you're not
going to come back or something afterwards
because I'm already so like my my world view
is very different I think than the average person
cuz I'm in all the weird [__] all the time. So
I I feel as sensitive as I ever have around
like, you know, just keeping this thing on,
you know, straight. No, I feel that. But in the
right sentence setting, if it were, you know,
to come across my path serendipitously, I would
do it. Who would throw DMT with it? Maybe you,
man. I mean, who else? No, maybe you. That'd
be awesome. That' be cool. I wouldn't do it,
though. It just be you. Um, that's Wild Rogan
got you into it. Maybe. Man, it's um I saw he
follows you on Twitter, right? Yeah. From like
forever ago, like when Twitter first came out,
you know? I could see him liking your music. I
know he likes hip-hop for sure. Oh, man. Well,
that be that's interesting. Yeah. I don't know.
I don't know what's up with Joe. I I I find him
to be an interesting dude. Um but as far as DMT,
Yeah, man. I think um I think you need to try it.
That would be crazy. What's up, guys? I want to
tell you about my new favorite boots. These things
are epic. I've been wearing these everywhere.
They're called Brunt. They're insanely comfortable
and durable. These things last for years, and
they're super versatile. I wear them for hiking,
for hanging out. They look pretty swaggy if you're
going out. They even look good in work meetings.
They feel incredibly comfortable. There's no
annoying break-in period. They just kind of
form fit to your foot right off the bat. They're
lightweight. You don't have to lug them around,
but they're also super weather resistant,
waterproof, and durable. Brunt is committed
to making sure you're 100% satisfied with your
new gear. With over 500,000 customers already on
board, these boots are the best in the category.
Take it from me. Brunt makes the most epic,
durable, and comfortable work boots. For a limited
time, our listeners get $10 off at Brunt by using
code Jesse at checkout. Just head to bruntwork.com
and use code Jesse and you're all set. Even
better, Brunt lets you try all their products on
the job riskfree. Just go to bruntworkwear.com
and use code jessie for $10 off. Again, that's
bruntwork.com code Jesse. After you purchase,
they will ask you where you heard about them.
Please support our show and tell them that
we sent you. The way it came to me though was so
weird because I I remember after hearing Joe Rogan
talk about it. I I remember saying something on on
MySpace just talking about like I'm very curious
about it or and then I was in Australia. I was in
Perth on New Year's New Year's Day. They celebrate
day there um in summer. Yeah. So, as uh it was a
a morning party that I was at. It was like must
have been like noon or something like that. And
I'm like throwing down. Played a really cool set.
And I don't usually like toot my own horn if I
don't deserve it, right? Like it was actually
a good set. I played I was pretty wasted though
too. So people like carried me outside. Carry my
big ass outside. Like cuz I was so wasted. I'm
like sitting out on on the patio of this venue
and some dudes just random Aussies came up to
me and just like dapped me up and was like, "Yo,
I heard you want to try DMT." And just gave me
like a fat sack of it and I like an idiot smuggled
it all the way back to the States. I did a whole
tour out there and smuggling it the whole way and
brought it back. I I would never do anything like
that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But uh but yeah, it was um
it was some amazing stuff. I've never seen any DMT
that looked like that ever since actually. Yeah.
Do you feel like it changed the way you think
after the experience? You know what? It didn't.
But it it was more so validation to the idea that
maybe there is some more than this. Yeah. I think
that's what it was helpful for. Just showing you
that there was there's way more going on. Yeah.
Being behind the curtain, you know. And I think
at that time in my life I needed it. You know,
my mom had passed away like a months months before
that. So I feel like it was really um a way for me
to connect to the other side and still be here,
you know. Um so yeah, I think again I don't I
don't recommend it to everyone just because I
I do feel like if you are susceptible Yeah. to,
you know, um, schizophrenia or any of that kind
of stuff, it could set you off. So, do you feel
like the pain of your mother passing? You say
that it kind of influenced Cosmic Grandma a lot,
right? Yeah, absolutely. Was Do you feel like pain
creates great art and it can spur on great art?
Um, I think I think it's a weird one with that
is I don't know if if that's real, but I'm just
grateful to have art to turn to when I'm when
I need to go to church. It's an outlet. Yeah. I
need when I have to say something. I'm always so
grateful for that to be able to create music um
um whenever I need to go back to the source. It's
kind of awesome like when you feel overwhelming
emotions, you have like a thing that you can just
port it into. Yeah. And I think a lot a lot of
people don't have that. They don't. They don't.
I'm really grateful for it because, you know,
in a way I get I get my job is to go to therapy.
Yeah. Yeah, pretty much is to just heal, you know,
and and try to understand more about the world and
the universe and stuff and ask questions through
the music. It's a it's it's a great it's a great
job. If you could smoke DMT with anyone in the UFO
world, who would it be? Um, good question, man.
I'd be down to smoke one Bob Lazar. I'd be down.
I'd be down to get busy with Babazar in that way,
man. That'd be fun. Yeah. Um I wouldn't, you know,
I I respect that experience so much that it it
would take a lot for me to do it again. Actually,
I've only done it like two or three times. Okay.
And uh to try it again would be a lot. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder sometimes some of these UFOs
might be like it's it's like the is is DMT like,
you know, night vision or like infrared or
something? And if you hook those up to the
optic nerve, you could see that. And DMT is like
another version of that where it's like a window
into I think Jake Barber was talking about that
without saying so. I think he was alluding to that
a little bit and I think that maybe some of the
other whistleblowers might have too, but like I
do feel like there could be some connection. I at
least the very least that maybe this is something
that we were, you know, connected to a bit more
um earlier in in our development as human beings,
you know. Um maybe we were closer to God,
closer to the source, closer to the stars. And
um I think that part of that was maybe seeing some
of those places that you can access on DMT. Yeah,
totally. And I feel like the reason a lot of
people don't believe Jake's story is the reason I
do believe it because it involves this like mental
connection. And I think for a lot of people it's
like you are grouping in ETS or NH non-human
intelligence along with psychic stuff. Give
me a break. I'm not going to, you know, dude, I'm
going be honest with you. It was a lot though. He
dropped a lot on the day and it was like even for
me someone who's like I'm trying to be down you
know like I was like buddy you going to lose some
people with that stuff second half of that story
you should just stayed on the first half show the
egg and let it let it go you know next interview
you could talk about that but man he dropped a lot
on it and didn't blink either I was like bro like
go easy on it well both he and David Grush have
this like googly eyed I' I've seen some [__]
look in that in both of their interviews with
Ross Colter. I don't know if it's Ross' lighting
or if like they've seen some [__] you know, and
like they have that, you know, kind of, you know,
like I've seen something kind of gnarly. Grush
blinks, though. Grush blinks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Jake about that, dude. I was just like, what is
going on? Is he an alien or that's um I think he
was a little chiller in my follow-up interview.
Totally. Totally. And I'm just talking [__]
I'm just having a good time. But I I have so much
respect for all those cats. Honestly, I think it's
um they're all I think they're all brave to
just even knowing how crazy the community is,
knowing how crazy the the stakes are, all this
stuff. I I do I do feel like that it's a level
of courage that is is pretty next. And these
people aren't media personalities. They're
not trained to be in front of the camera and
stuff. So, you know, we got to give them a pass.
No, they they don't know what they're doing often.
You kind of have to help hold their hand and stuff
and like and they're scared and they I've see I
see it firsthand cuz often I'll get thrown in with
them or whatever. They get a lot of backlash
like like they got Randy Anderson who he went
underground and he saw this like gauntlet thing
that like emitted hieroglyphics and he was he
was stationed at Naval Surface Warfare crane
in Indiana. in Indiana in 2014. He was taken
down a bunch of floors in an elevator to a deep
underground military base and then he was taken
basically through a tunnel past a bunch of skiffs
into something that said I think it was like
um off off-world or offplanet technology. Yeah,
I've heard about this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was he
talking to Greer? He was talking to Greer before
I met him. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and I had
been talking to him for 6 months. He was talking
to UAP Gerb actually before I met him, too. Oh,
cool, cool, cool. And I had some inklings that
like this year was going to be kind of crazy as
far as whistleblowers coming out. And I was
like, dude, if there was ever a time I think
you should come out now and he was in Vegas and
came down to LA and but like right after that,
you have all these guys being like he he's not
a Green Beret and he didn't pass these tests
and he wasn't at war. And it's like I spent I
got dinner with him the night before. I spent
a lot of time with him and his friends like
hours and I've met, you know, two of his colle
Yeah, that's right. That's right. I'm a They
don't I don't believe you either. Yeah. Well,
good. There you go. There you go. But I It's like,
you know, and his friends are like, you hear their
frustration and you see their DD214, like their
background. You're like, is anybody seeing this?
And then you have these people. I think it's fine,
and I think he would even say it's fine to go
after the experience. Be like, I don't know. Maybe
that was [__] Maybe he was SCOP, but when they
then they go after his like background as like a
war hero, it's like come on. It's a lot, man. It's
a lot. And it's No one wants to deal with that.
No. And anyone all these whistleblowers, they're
watching how everyone's reacting to this stuff.
They're doing their research. Why would anyone
want to be put themselves out there like that to
get picked apart and be called liars and all this
stuff? And 100%. It's not cool. That's not fun.
It's not fun. But I'm optimistic after this Wall
Street Journal article. The reason being I think
it's really interesting. They say it's all part of
this Air Force hazing ritual, which is really dumb
for the Wall Street Journal to say because I think
then all of the witnesses around UFOs and nuclear
weapons, all these Q cleared employees, all these
guys sue the government, right? you know, or or
Wall Street Journal will follow up and show the
program that to the uh the American populace that
there's like federal torture claims provisions and
that so they they are they're [__] cuz I think
it's totally fake. There's no hazing ritual or if
there have been it's been in little spots here and
there that does not explain the whole thing. So,
they kind of back themselves into this interesting
corner. I think that's the problem is trying to
blanket all of it ever, you know, is like I think
so many of these things can be true. Personally,
I think there's so many parts of it that that
can be true. Um, you there could be there could
be future human. There could be some grays.
There could be some stuff that we're doing. It
could be some stuff that China's doing. All these
things can exist, I think. And it probably is my
perspective. Yeah. I've been trying to figure out
personally, well, how I feel about all this stuff
still because I go through this eb and flow. Yeah.
Of just kind of being like I'm always going to be
fascinated. Yeah. But in terms of my own personal
beliefs, I'm just kind of always like eb and flow
with it. Like I'm really in or I'm like I'm
like back in and I'm like I don't know. So it's
it's it's really it's really uh something that
fluctuates for me. But I think I'm always going
to be curious. I'm always going to be following it
whether or not, you know, I'm I believe it. I just
think it's all fascinating, especially cuz it's
all playing out on TV in Washington and, you know,
we're having congressional hearings about it. It's
crazy. What got you into it to begin with? Um,
well, I mean, I've always been into sci-fi. I've
always been into the idea of of aliens and stuff.
I've never seen anything. And if I do, I probably
can't say anything because I'm like the least
credible person out there because he's like,
"Yeah, of course Fly Loa saw the show." Like,
of course he did. But no, I haven't seen anything.
And um but I've always I've always felt that there
there is more out there. And um I you know, I've
made a film about I've made a couple films with
alien themes. Yeah. Yeah. And um I think when I
was filming Ash when we were filming that movie
um Aaron Paul told me about uh David Grush. Mhm.
Cuz that video the videos of him with Ross Cohart
has just come out and I saw that on my timeline
but I was kind of go through but then he was
like yo man you got to check him out. I believe
this guy and Aaron I you I don't I wouldn't have
guessed that he was like really into the topic
but um you know I watched it and then it kind of
took me down the rabbit hole I guess. Um but um
but Aaron yo he's he's wild. He he talked to Bob
Lazar. He talked to Bob Lazar. Aaron Paul talked
to Yeah. And like they were like writing messages
to each other. I know I'd love to be a fly on the
wall for that. I know. I know. So, you got to get
him on the show sometime. I would love to. Well, I
guess Breaking Bad is kind of a Vegasy show. Like,
I don't I'm trying to think where that would even
have occurred. I don't know how the connection
is made, but like he's a fascinating
character. Whoa. Well, Ash was amazing,
man. I loved it. And this set kind of reminds me.
I was texting you. I was like, this is not a set.
We're in a spaceship. What are you talking about?
We're in a spa. We're in an actual spaceship. And
you have the coolest shirt. You want to show
it to the camera? We got Loheed Martin Aurora
antimatter matter reaction anti-gravity. It's
crazy. I have another one too like the Loheed
Martin reverse engineering program. No way. Yeah,
it's it's ridiculous. I I think it's fascinating.
I that whole thing that whole side of it has
just been like just super interesting to me.
So interesting the reverse engineering stuff and
how much of that because there's definitely weird
deception and like you know scops going on with
aerospace and then how much of it is real because
there's a lot of evidence that there's something
there as well. Yeah. So it's fascinating. But it's
funny that you said like of course Flyo's seen an
alien. When I first heard your music, I was like,
"This dude's an alien." Because I was super
into like Dilla and Pete Rock and DJ Premiere,
all these like 90s hip-hop producers. And then
you came on the scene and I think I it might have
been around your album Cosmogram or Los Angeles
like 08 0, you know, 2010 era. And I just I saw
you play actually with Thundercat in New York and
I remember cuz like Dillow would mess people up
because his stuff wasn't quantized. And then I
remember hearing your stuff and I was like this
guy's on another planet. Like this is crazy.
Hey, well, you know, they made it okay. They
made it okay for us to go there. Um, so Well, you
took it to the next level, man. Hey, well, hey,
doing my part. Doing my part. Yeah. But, you know,
it's it's funny though because I got, you know,
just like everybody else probably, I got a lot
of flack in the beginning for doing my thing,
you know, and being being that person. Like I
I keep bringing this up lately because it's so
bizarre to people, but like back when I was first
getting on and the scene like in around like what
2004 um I get a lot of [__] Can I say [__] I'm
a curs. Oh yeah. Yeah. As much as you want. I used
to get a lot of [__] for using a computer to
make music. Really? Back in that back in the day
instead of an NPC. Yeah. You had to have NPC, you
know, or or SP or something like that or else you
wasn't making hip-hop. You was making techno or
computer music or whatever. They was just like,
there's no way. There's no way you could you ain't
there ain't no swing in that computer. You can't
swing with that. So, it made me more determined to
to like really get in there and get the sounds and
to try different stuff and and I actually was was
really encouraged earlier on in my development to,
you know, just to do the other thing, just to
try and go in different directions. And so,
I owe a lot to the people around me really who
supported me to just like not do not to do what
everyone else was doing at the time. Well, you
come from maybe the most kind of interesting
musical family I could think of. Alice Col Train
is your what is your great aunt. Is that right?
And then uh Marilyn Mloud is your grandmother.
And she she wrote Love Hangover and she also wrote
uh was I get high or I get high is the Styles P um
uh Swiss Beats sample. Uh but it's it's no it's it
is I get high too, right? Yeah, the original
free to paint. She wrote that as well. So,
you just come from amazing, you know, family when
it comes to this stuff. They still was looking at
me like I was crazy though, dog. They're like,
why does [__] sound like some gar hitting on
some garbage cans, you know, like why what is
this? And uh I was like, but you guys are crazy,
too. What are you talking about? Um but yeah,
I had to find find my way just like u just like
we all do. It is true. Your your drums I think
set you apart so It's like that plus the crazy
synths like the like sounded like it was like you
you leaned into the computer thing. Yeah. And it
was like that plus the drums which you know was
like Yeah. It was like garbage was like back alley
like crazy and I was like oh my god this is crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah just just went for it man.
Just went for it. Um a lot of support from from my
grandmother though. Um she was the first person to
put a machine in my hands. you know, she had was
the the 6 606, the TB 606 or something like that,
like one of them drum machines with like, you
know, those weird analog sounds and stuff in
there and she was just like, "Here, take it." I
was just making drum beats and stuff when I was
really young and that was kind of what what set
me up. And then wow just being around different
family like my cousin he was making music on a
a Mac 2CI like old old Mac like back when that
was like super foreign to record on and um you
know was watching him while I'm playing Sonic the
Hedgehog. He's like making stuff that sounded like
Prince stuff and like I was just always surrounded
by music and always surrounded by people trying
to make stuff. That makes sense you played Sonic
the Hedgehog because it I feel like it's that
Sega like wave racer vibe. Oh man, no doubt.
And those loops, man, they still in my head, man.
You know, and I still I still be sampling Sonic,
too. Still to this day. That's awesome. Yeah.
Yeah. So, was Alice a an inspiration for you
early on? My aunt Alice was such an inspiration,
but I feel like my appreciation for her and her
music grow grew over time, you know, like when I
was I feel like kind of in high school, all the
stuff started to make more sense to me and I was
really starting to see it. But then when I went to
college and really started like vibing there and
like you know trying mushrooms and stuff like and
like you know leaving my brain and stuff I'm like
oh I get it for real now. You know it was really
starting to make sense. And um and I had just the
deepest appreciation for it. But you know still to
this day like I feel like every other year I'll go
back and listen to music that she made and just be
like whoa what was she doing? How did she do that?
Why why is she do that? That was a weird choice.
Great choice, but you know, like I'm still still
picking it apart after all these years. And you
said you never saw her practice. I never saw her
practice. Never in my in my entire and I you know
she was like the cold train side though. They're
like the closest family to me in LA. And um so I
spent a lot of time over there. I you know I went
to this to the school right by their house. So I
walk from school to hang out over there all the
time. And you know, I would see them very often. I
never saw her practice. Never. And um I remember
one one time when I was like maybe like 10,
11 years old, I went over to the house and she had
a beautiful piano, beautiful grand Steinway piano.
Um surrounded by, you know, her harp and all these
amazing instruments. I went in there. I was like,
"Hey, can I go play your piano?" Yeah. She
was like, "Well, are you going to play it?"
I was like, I don't I don't know actually. What do
you think she meant by that? She meant am I going
to get down, dude? Like, don't mess around, you
know, like don't go in there like messing around
on my piano. You going to go in there and play
it. Whoa. You go play it, but you better play. So,
I was like I took that like I So, I didn't do
it. I never touched that thing ever. And she
was very kind of spiritually tapped in as well,
right? Oh man. Yeah, she was the most she was
the most tapped in, I would say. Yeah, there's
a lot of influence, but I guess it would be more
non-denominational leaning, but um but yeah, a
lot of a lot of influence there. Definitely. Yeah.
Yeah, she's amazing. I mean, just hearing what's
it? I think it was Tia and Rama Christishna.
It's like that old blues kind of vibe and it's
just so be it's like ethereal and beautiful and
you're like where is this coming from? It's
amazing. It's wild because it can always be
you can always hear the blues and then it
just goes to some other just crazy places.
And I remember being with her in in Paris once.
She she had me come with her and and Robbie,
they play a show in Paris toward the end of her
life. And um I just remember just hearing her,
you know, she was like a she was like Yoda, you
know, she was like a Yoda type person where she
was like real she was really tiny and you know
moved very slowly, very gentle with everything,
but you know she just when she went all that
pe boom was busting out all crazy, you know,
like who is this person? It was like even
even Rodney, her son, she was like, "Whoa,
what is going on?" You know, so like she just had
she was tapped in for sure to to the source. Well,
John was tapped in as well. I mean, I think he
might be at least top three, maybe favorite jazz
musician of all time or are you a fan of his?
Absolutely. Absolutely. And and I think I think
I was a fan of his first. And it was it's funny
because when I was growing up and I would people
would want to talk to my aunt and be around people
want to talk to her. I always want to talk to her
about John Cold Train. All they want to talk to
her about is like what was it like being around
John Culture. What was he like? What was he like?
and she would always answer very humbly and you
know and then now it's like everyone wants to talk
about Alice Co and it's it's really awesome to see
that just to see the turn happen but I I do wish
she was here to to see her her influence um in the
way because I feel like now I'm hearing way more
about her than him even though he's you know I go
to sushi restaurant it's always John Cole straight
you know in there but like I just feel like the
the young the young folks around are really vibing
on her music right now and it's really cool to
see. Absolutely. Well, she really I think just
pushed the envelope and experimented. Obviously,
he was amazing too, but um that is cool to see and
it's interesting how music kind of like your UFO
interest es and flows and changes and how do you
feel like do you feel like it's in an interesting
place right now? Do you feel like it's in a weird
place like music? Is that even a Is that even a a
question you can ask or is it just it is what it
is or like you know as far as the industry and all
that stuff? I I can separate it and think about
it in terms of like the actual music itself and
there's always some good stuff going on. Always
always interesting. You just got to look for it.
Yeah. You got to seek it out. But, you know, if
you're only going to listen to what the charts
are telling you, then you're probably going to be
thinking it's it's all the same. It's definitely
weird that it's now filtered by is the person a
good social media personality. That's weird to
me. Absolutely. And like the numbers like people
people even see like okay well they only have
certain amount of listeners on Spotify so they're
probably not that good. Yeah. They're probably not
that great. They only got like 10,000 listeners
every month. So they're probably right. It's
this like infinite force ranking of everything.
Absolutely. Everything's a beauty contest. Oh,
dude. Yeah. And I feel like in the past 10 years,
you know, the the numbers thing really got into
the fandoms of rappers and stuff like, you know,
first week sales and stuff like people are like
kids are talking about rappers first week sales
like selling what what are people selling anymore?
Like y'all buying records and stuff out here? What
is what is it's just it's super weird that that's
actually part of the conversation in terms of like
is something good or interesting. It's like what
are they selling? How how much are they moving?
How many units are they moving? Like it's like
old barbershop conversation or something that has
now become like a a very very popular bit of the
conversation unfortunately. Well, you started an
amazing record label, Brain Feeder. Do you feel
like and I didn't even realize some of the people
you had signed Yeah. I was independently fans of
and doing research for I was like like who I was
like to Taylor McFaren like I was like I was like
of course he signed him like it's like similar
drums and like of course you'd be into Taylor
McFaren. Oh I love like that when I first heard
I think it was Degrees of Light. I was like like
this is crazy. Like what is this? It reminded me
of you a little bit and Detilus and I'm trying to
think, there were a couple others on there where
I was like, damn, I didn't even know you guys
had worked together. Yeah. Yeah. Brain Feeder has
been going for a minute, man. It's been going for
a minute and it's it's something that I'm actually
really really proud of because it's it's you know
something that is kind of flourishing on it on its
own at this point you know and I'm still doing a
lot of work with brain feeder and curating and you
know an ANR side but you know that that's like a
it's a machine that's moving and it's awesome
to see and maybe through that you can fight
back a little bit where it's like I don't care
if you have 10,000 weekly streams or whatever.
I love it. Absolutely. And um you know it's it's
become a thing where it's there's a lot of risk
in a personal sense because I want to do right
by the artists. But as far as everything else,
there's no risk for me. You know, I'm not trying
to make money there. I'm not it's really not my
source of income like that. It is, but it's not,
you know, at the same time. So, I just was like,
it's it's my a passion project, but like I've been
so grateful to be able to see all these different
artists flourish and have their careers and,
you know, they're doing their thing being there.
Yeah. Super cool. Is there anybody you're into now
that the public probably doesn't know about? Oh,
yeah. Absolutely. Um, there's a there's an artist
just named Thing. Okay. Just Thing drum and bass.
some drum bass, like classic drum bass, but
sometimes we'll mix up some like some like um
UK like twostep, you know, kind of gar UK garage
kind of vibe um you know, smaller following.
Uhhuh. Doesn't matter. Don't care. But like I'd be
in the gym just like doing a listen to amen breaks
and stuff like Yeah. So it be it's kind of random.
But um and the cat puts out stuff like every week.
It's pretty I know. It's thing. Yeah. Thing. Go
check out Thing. Thing is dope. Thing is dope.
Yeah. Sick, man. Yeah. And you've worked with some
of the most legendary artists like I mean, one of
the guys I feel like you're just probably friends
first and then collaborator second is Thundercat,
who I saw you live with in New York. Um, he's
amazing, man. He's so awesome. And he he credits
you for having helped give him a voice and cuz he
was just playing bass primarily, right? And you
kind of helped him out and you were like, "Look,
man, you should just sing over your over your
tracks. Is that right?" Yeah. He was doing some
oo and a's on stuff. And I was like, "What's going
on?" You know, let's do it. And and then there was
one day I'll never forget and I I think about it
all the time. We were sitting in my apartment, my
sweaty apartment in Northridge. Um, and he just,
you know, we're working on some music. I have
these like like portable portable lunch tables.
They're like, they're like, uh, you know, the
classic picnic tables or whatever. That's what
I had all my my gear set up on. And it was like
surrounded by all these like medicinal marijuana
jars and it was Yeah. He just looks over at me
and he was like, "Man, I want to be your artist."
And I I was like, "Yeah, what does that
even mean?" You know what I'm saying? Like,
what does that even mean? I never have never
done that sort of thing before. And um yeah,
we've just been going at, man, ever since we just
been going for it. And it's it's been awesome to
see. and and honestly something I take so much
pride in aside from my own work is you know
just seeing how his music and his message and his
influence has affected the world. Yeah. You see,
he's another guy who like, you know, back in
the day, I think was always respected like as
a almost like an artist artist where it was like
he's amazing on the bass and then like in the last
5 years I feel like people are just like everybody
knows who Thundercat is, which is so cool to see.
Yeah. I I was just randomly had dinner and they
they're playing his music just randomly, you know,
and it just comes along like let's go. Yeah. I
love it. I love it. Is he into alien stuff? Like I
could see he seems like such a like a fun kind of
goofy personality. Like I could see him being into
I feel like he's you know he's kind of like come
over the house and I got like some weird alien
YouTube videos on. I'm like I turn him off real
quick. I'm not watching any of that stuff. No,
but I don't think he's really into it. Okay. Okay.
I don't think he's super into the the stuff. Um
but you know because he's probably an alien. He
don't want to be exposed. You know he doesn't
want Exactly. They don't like the exposure. Or
maybe you'd act into it like you. You never know.
Maybe. Maybe. We might be. You know, it might be
Walking Among Us. Right. Right. Maybe. Maybe. Um,
I want to list some artists and you've either
collaborated with them or you might have something
to say about them. I want to get just one sentence
about each of these guys. Okay. Jay Dilla. O man.
Um, one of the greatest ever. Um, very grateful
to have met him uh a couple times close to the
end of his life. Um, I feel like I saw him maybe
a week or two before he passed away. It's crazy. I
delivered a check to his house. Yeah, let's tell
that. You told me this story. So crazy. I used
to work at Stones Throw um back in the day and he
Were you like you were like I was an intern. Yeah,
I was intern there. Um a paid intern. Okay. I
was working there long enough they had to had
to start kicking me down a little bit. Um but um
yeah, I I was there and uh yeah, he was finishing
up the donut stuff that was that was happening.
Uh, Mad Live Sound Directions is he was doing
that. It was like he started Mad Live starting
to play drums live and stuff and that was kind
of like that the time I was there. Um, and yeah,
they were they were finishing up some business
and they they sent me over the house like, "Yo,
um, you might see something over there. Just,
you know, be cool." Cuz he wasn't in really good
shape, you know, toward the end. He had like a a
blood disorder or blood cancer or something. Uh
lupus and and I don't know what else. But but
something else I think something else was going
on too. But um but yeah, I was I I got to see
him. The machines were still going, you know,
he was in a wheelchair. He looked really bad,
man. I cried after I left there. I was like I was
fully in tears just cuz damn. Not only because
of what I saw, but just because I still felt the
energy. I still felt the power still. I felt the
the the the force and it was strong still, man. It
was really strong even toward the end. And it was
um it was really really um it was a lot, but
it was I was very impressed that even then,
you know, the everything was still lit up. He was
still working on some [__] Was he good energy?
Was he Was he? Oh, he was great. Yeah, he was
great. And And you know, I could tell he didn't
want anyone to see him like that. And that was
the thing, too. Was like I could I didn't really
want to look him in the eye, bro. Just cuz I just
tell he didn't But he still was like holding it
together. And Yeah. And he was at Common's house,
right? Common. Yeah. I think they were Yeah,
they were living together. But yeah, his mom's
was taking care of him around him, too. Yeah.
Yeah. you listen to some of those tracks like
that um Eley Brothers sample don't say goodbye
he call it bye or whatever and you're like oh my
god he's like saying goodbye and it's so ethereal
it's so like it's crazy middle or donuts of the
heart that um Jackson 5 sample it's like yeah when
when I was there I think it was it was finishing
up the shining the shining stuff was happening
donuts was already done by by then we were already
like hearing all that stuff in the office and you
know we were getting like doughut deliveries you
know and like there was like a couple beats coming
through and we would like gather around the record
player and like or whatever and just be like oh
what's going on you know just be like blown away
by interesting so he was doing the shining after
donuts well yeah I think there was there was
still little es and little and flow little bits
and pieces that were kind of like you know still
lying around for um for donuts like I I think
um can't remember exactly which one, but there was
some stuff that wasn't all finished. It wasn't all
finished and delivered. There was like pieces of
that and I think Shining was finished by I think
JRock or Kareem Rigggins back back then. So Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Stones Throw was so interesting.
Like what a constellation of amazing. It was, you
know, Peanut Butter Wolf started uh with him and
Charisma and San Jose and then they came to LA
kind of for Mad Lib who was blowing up at the
time and like man was that an inspiration for you
brain feeder and just being there. It was a huge
inspiration. Um before I you know I was actually
living in San Francisco studying film and a buddy
of mine was like you know he was we call him Crazy
John cuz he was crazy. He was insane dude but he
had he had great taste in music and he was like
oh you like hip-hop well you need to listen to
LP you need to check out MF Doom Metal Fingers.
Okay, Victor Vaughn, Mad Lib. I was like, "Okay,
I'm going to check these people out." And I went
and bought these records and my mind was blown and
I was like, you know, just, yeah, started getting
back into making beats. I made beats when I was
younger, but when I was in college, I and like
hearing that stuff, I was really I got really
into it again, like and more so on the sampling
side because all the stuff I made before was kind
of like synth based and you know, messing with um
groove boxes and then that was like the gateway
into sampling, getting back into that stuff.
Um listen to Wuang and hearing all that. But
favorite Wuang Clan member, the Risen. Of course.
Yeah. Hard to argue with producer. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Although Jiza had some amazing beats, too.
Absolutely. Amazing beats. Absolutely. Bizo Heart
and Soul. Yeah. Yeah. But but yeah, when I was
when I was in school, I remember just being like,
you know what? I'mma skip history of film school
history of film and just like work on some beats
right now. Wow. I'd be doing that. And then I
heard about this label Stones Throw that was in LA
back home and I was like, you know, maybe I need
to The whole scene was in LA, too. So, I was like,
man, I need to get out of San Francisco, go back
and be around these people and get in that energy.
So, that that kind of led me back there. Stone
Throw brought me back in a weird way. I love it.
All right, let's keep going on the artist. Sorry,
I was only supposed to give you a sentence. No,
no, this always happens. I love it. It's uh it's
uh we're flowing. Um, no wonder your shows are
like three hours. Yeah, man. It's just It's always
just I think the best conversations are just free
association. Just what you're you know, whatever
comes up. Yeah, sure. Sure. Sure. Um, speaking
of which, you just named two people I was going to
ask you about. So, let's go Mad Lib first and then
uh MFD. Oof. Okay. Um, Mad Lib was was definitely
one of the most inspiring folks around. Um,
considering he was one of those people who
was like, "Oh, it don't matter what you use,
you know." And I'm like, "Okay, well, I use a
computer, you know, it don't matter. Just make
something." And then it was like the output, you
know. I I remember being being interned and they
showed me the like the the box, you know, of
like all the Meline beat tapes or whatever and
they were like, "All right, you know, check these
check these out." And it was like it was insane
just being a like it'd be like hundreds of beats
or like he would fill up all these CDs. Crazy. And
I would listen to all them joints, man, just be
like, "Wow, what is going on?" You know, and just
crazy. And it would make me feel lazy, you know?
It just made me feel lazy and it just but also
it was one of those things that just kind of lit
the fire. It's like, okay, I need to work on this
thing. I need to keep going. There you go. So,
it was uh he was definitely influential in that
and just the energy, you know, he was just such
a cool, humble person and you know, whenever I
got to be around him, it was just like a it was a
special day. It was always a special day just cuz
you know he was he just had such a an impact on on
the whole community too. Like there was aside from
you know the the stones throw thing you had this
kind of adjacent squad of of producers who would
hang out kind of around like the any kind of stone
throw related event. You know, there would be
like the cast like Debbiosi and George M. Moldro,
Ross G, you know, Take and all these other great
um producers who went on to go and do great
things. We started to build a community kind
of on the side of what they were doing. And you
know, we'd be out front of whatever parties they
were throwing without with boom boxes playing each
other's beat tapes and stuff. And that was really,
you know, oh man, Mad came by earlier, you
know, with, you know, dudes who worked at,
you know, Pooh Records and Amoeba, they'd be
like over there like, "Yeah, man. He came in,
he got this record, this, that, whatever." So, it'
always be like, um, you know, legendary Mad Live
stories of what's going on. Um, but always always
really influential and really inspiring. And he
wasn't Quasimoto like an accident like that's how
prolific he was like I think Peanut Butter Wolf
like found that or something was like dude this is
actually pretty cool and then he kind of ran with
it. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly. Yeah. So crazy.
Yeah man. Um and Doom Yeah. Doom was I mean to
me he's he's my favorite rapper still to this day,
you know. I think um he's kind of he mastered the
the the persona of of this the the character he
created, you know? He really did. He was really
the villain, bro. Like I mean all the stories you
heard about Doom are true. I don't know. They're
not It's not legend. It's all true. Uh like not
showing up to stuff. Like not showing up to stuff.
Like not showing up to stuff. I remember there
was there was a gig we invited Doom, you know,
um I I had a show in in London and he was going
to play and you know, we fly out to I fly out
to London. I think he's already there cuz he had
been deported or something. I think he was already
living in the UK. Uhhuh. So we're like, great, get
doomed on stage, you know. Um and I think as we
were soundchecking, we're I'm in the venue. Yeah.
Yeah. This is like this is the day I think day
before because we had to set up the whole visual
show. The day before he cancelled the gig. Uh and
uh it was that's kind of unheard of. I mean, you
hear that. Oh, okay. Well, but doing that sort
of thing in this business is not cool, especially
when you have flyers and all this stuff promoting
everything. We actually got J Electronica to fill
in that spot, which is also a really crazy thing
to do is he's also like he's another guy. It's
like you never know when he's going to release
his album or show up or but I think I think he had
reasons to come visit the UK and uh well he was uh
is he married to like a Roth's child? I didn't
want to go there. I did. I did. I went there. I
wasn't I said it for you. I said he had a reason.
I don't know what the reason is still. Um but
yeah, very elite reason. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Um but he came out and rocked it. It was wild. But
um yeah, it was it was really it was really scary.
And that was that moment. I was like, "Oh, wow.
He really is the villain. He he doomed me, dude.
I got doomed right here." Um but man, you know,
it's like after that happened, we just kind Well,
it's the villain. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what
he does. I feel like he's just the most elusive
interesting like I don't know. It's interesting
with him too where we were just talking about
Thundercat, you know? I feel like 10 years ago
it was still more kind of underground hiphop
obscure circles were hardcore fans of Doom. Now
he's on Tik Tok like he is mass media like Biggie.
They they biggied him, man. It's it's wild. It's
wild. It's super cool to see. Mhm. I just for some
reason I just thought of like the first time I met
Doom though. I met him at at Peanut Butterwolf's
Halloween party. I was like bathrobe man cuz that
was all I had was a bathrobe. I couldn't I didn't
have any other costume but you had I like a dude
in a bathrobe and some sunglasses. I'm Hugh
Hefner. And uh and Doom shows up. He just got
into town. He just he just shows up as himself of
course. Um, and I'm like, you know, hey man, how's
it going? How what's how you living? How how long
are you in town? You you welcome to LA. How long
you out here? And he was like, can I trust you?
It's like that like I hope so. You know, like that
was the first thing that was his response to me.
And I was like, okay, damn. He's a he's a special
special cat. Very special. Well, you hear him way
back in the day. We were talking about this last
time when we hung out. He was in a group called
Third Base and he is in that song Gas Face and
his voice is like different. He seems like more of
like like he's trying to be this like more square
like cut and dry rapper. Yeah. Like tribe Call
Quest vibe a little bit. 100% early 90s. And then
he like goes off grid. I think he's homeless for
a while and he comes back as Doom and you're like,
"Oh my god." Like his voice is different and man
Yeah. He he'd been through something. He was,
you know, he'd been through a lot actually. But
um but yeah, there was there's something about
it. He locked in. He he figured it out. He just
fully embraced the villain. Yeah. I think there's
um a really cool movie to make. Definitely. Why
don't you make it? You're the You are the most
qualified because you make amazing movies. I am
the most qualified producers 100%. an estate.
You knew the guy. You made music as close to that
genre. You have a You were on a track with him,
Between Villains with uh Captain Murphy. There's
two tracks. Yeah, there's two tracks. There was
uh we're supposed to do EP together. He had a
whole bunch of stuff on his computer, you know,
the the classic classic tale of like a hard drive
full of stuff and a lot of it there's a lot of my
stuff on there. Um and uh what's going to happen
to that? Let's get that out. I don't know. I don't
know. Estate. Estate movie and hard drive. Yeah.
Um Thundercat actually got to see him close to the
end. He went I think he saw him at his house in in
London. He was over there. He was he was staying
in London for a while. So, got to have him talk
about that. Oh, I'm curious. That's amazing. Okay,
let's keep going with the the crazy list. Uh
Kendrick. O actual genius. M actual genius. Weird
little guy. I remember asking Kendrick, yo man,
what books are you reading? He was like, oh man, I
I don't be reading, man. You know, power of now. I
was like I was like, okay, all right, that's cool.
Yeah, I was so so surprised someone like him who
has so much to say and um very thoughtful didn't
didn't read didn't like reading books and stuff.
I just felt like it was all in there. I thought
it was all books. I felt like he was always
referencing books in his work. He is referencing
I wonder if he Some people are just kind of tapped
in too and they're channeling and it's just like
yeah actual genius. He um you know the kind of
person that shows up, writes it on the spot,
does no fanfare. Yeah. You know, he came through
wearing some like, you know, some some slippers
with some socks on and wearing some shorts and
a hoodie and just kind of, you know, just kind
of came through and killed it, bro. Like, um
would you say best battle rapper of all time?
I wouldn't put it in the battle rapper category.
Personally, I think he's he's he's definitely one
of the most important voices in in music. Um to
Pimp a Butterfly is is classic album. Amazing. Um
yeah, I I have one of those people, too. You're
just like it's it's so you're like, "Wow, okay.
I don't want to get in your way. I don't want I
actually don't want to be I don't want to be near
you. I just want you to be able to exist and not
you know like it's there's something very um he
has this sort of um I don't know this vibe about
him where he's just like super quiet. Yeah. Maybe
he's in his head. He don't say much. So I just was
like I just want him to do his thing. I don't want
to interfere or interrupt whatever his whatever
is going on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who's who's uh
top five for you MC's? He's up there. Um if not,
you know, number, you know, top three at least.
Yeah. Him, Doom, man. This is the worst question
to ask. I'm on camera. Like I don't suddenly don't
know anybody. They've all fallen off the face of
the earth right now. Um what else you got? I got
I got I got a couple more I want to get through.
Q-Tip. Oo, Q-Tip. He's a super super inspiring
dude. Um amazing producer that um as well as
rapper. Um I think he didn't get he doesn't get
enough credit as producer uh from my perspective.
Yeah. Yeah. Really great beats. Um really great
energy. The voice. Mhm. Um I don't know him that
well, but we try to collaborate on some stuff. I
think sometimes the thought of working together is
better than the result sometimes. You know, but um
uh I would love to to have another go. Yeah.
At that. Yeah, for sure. What about Aex twin?
AEX is is uh interesting interesting in that
because you know he was he was one of those
people that I listened to back before I was in
college without knowing who or what or why. It
didn't matter. It was just dope. It was just cool
electronic music to me. Um Square Pusher Aman
Tobin those guys were kind of like in my sphere. I
wasn't like fully in the electronic zone. Yeah. Um
but those were like the kind of auxiliary pillars
uh for for my ears. Um but and I always found a
lot of inspiration from the music videos. Um Chris
Cunningham videos and when they did that director
series back in the day, the DVDs, they had just
had all the collections of music videos from like
Chris Cunningham, Michelle Gandry and and so on.
Um, and I always just would run those. We'd run
those so much and just like just pick them apart
just cuz, you know, being a in film school and
thinking about music, music videos, like those
were the the most cutting edge. Mhm. Those were,
you know, that series, the director series. I
wish they would re-release those on, you know, 4K
whatever things now, but I don't think it'll ever
happen. Yo. Okay. Final one in this series. Kanye.
You know Kanye. It's funny, man. I actually
I never really had the like I'm a super Kanye
fan. I never had that thing. But I did love
Jesus. I didn't like it when I first heard it.
then it really grew on me and I think that that
album regardless of what you know he has become.
I feel like that album was really really ahead of
its time and it it set a tone for many years in in
music, not just hip-hop, just in music in general.
I think that sound um it kind of expanded and it
people took it in different directions and um I
think you know there's so much of like electronic
music that has come from that and hip-hop and the
intersection that very influential stuff. Yeah.
But but yeah, what a [__] nutcase. Yeah. Yeah,
man. I'm not one of those Kanye sympathizers,
man. I'm really not. I fell off the train when he
said slavery was a choice. I was off that mother
You're tripping. Yeah. I'm going to get off
now. You're fully fully tripping. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I I just hope he's okay, man, cuz he's
musically a big inspir. I love him. I think he's
amazing. And I just wish uh I don't know. I wish
he would just stop whatever is going on now. Oh,
I don't it's it feels like it's he's definitely
trying to get a rise. Like it's like if there is
a third rail, he'll touch it. He'll hit it. And
then there's some other part where like is he
even in control? Like I don't I don't know. Yeah.
Well, you know, mental illness is a thing, man.
Yes. It's a thing. And people are capable of being
very successful and mentally ill at the same time.
Um that is a thing often they're correlated. Yeah.
Right. And um also too like you know the dude he's
just like yeah got probably like a lot of yes men
around people like enablers people just like I
mean he's got a cult you know people who are still
apologizing for him constantly and just be like oh
he you know he's just he's he's going through it
you know but it's also got to be really hard for
someone like him to have been at the top of of the
music pyramid or whatever and to now just kind of
just be existing among other other great people,
not being the greatest top selling most Grammy
collecting person or whatever. Like it's got to be
a little little difficult for you. 100%. A little
fall from grace there. Yeah, it's got to be it's
got to be it's got to weigh on you. Mhm. Who are
your biggest inspirations when it comes to film
making? You put David Lynch in one of your videos
and songs. You already know. You already know. Um,
did I just answer it for you? Yeah, I think you
did. I think you did. Um, yeah, David Lynch. Woo.
He was Do you have a favorite David Lynch movie?
Favorite David Lynch movie is probably Eraser
Head. That's makes sense because of the movies you
make there. That is such a crazy movie. Yeah, it's
it's a crazy all this stuff is pretty out. Lost
Highway. So, I got into David Lynch through being
a fan of Trent Resnner back in the day, which is
really I it trips me out when I think about it cuz
he worked on Lost Highway. He did some music for
Lost Highway and I was following him at that time.
Okay. And then I was like, "Oh, what's this movie?
Who's this guy?" Lost Highway. Loved it. Um, and
then I kind of got way in at that point and that
was he was one of those people too um early on
where I was like, "Oh, maybe maybe I should go to
film school. Maybe this is for me cuz I really I
really love this. I really love this." And I think
he also really got me inspired aside from the film
making more so like the living the art life as
they say, you know, where you just kind of fully
commit. You just you're fully you're fully in it,
you know? That guy is tapped in. Yeah. You wake
up, you smoke, and you you get to work, and you
you that's your life. That's just create. Yeah.
That's your life. And that's how I live my life.
S's the smoking part. I' It was weed, but I' i've
given that up a bit. Um but yeah, like um seeing
that and seeing that it worked for someone and
that they've made their their best the some of the
best things. It's like, okay, it's okay for me to
be this way. Oh, yeah. You know, it's I can I can
do this and I can live this way and it's okay, you
know, you kind of make sacrifices the you know,
you have to have like whatever that regular life
is. Um, it's almost like his life itself is art.
Like you see him doing the weather in the morning
and I remember I ended up at his house because of
some TM, you know, transcendental meditation
benefit. Yeah. And he was giving some speech
and it was about, you know, he's like, "All
you got to do is tap in twice a day, you know,
the whole TM thing." And I was like, "This guy's
on another level." Like he's on another planet
right now and he's getting downloads and he's he's
truly amazing. And I feel like a lot of filmmakers
try to do the David Lynch thing and they fail.
Like they it's so hard. Yeah. Well, I think I
think um the issue comes from you people still
feeling like they need to satisfy the audience and
and have some sort of like making sure everyone
knows what's happening and having closure. And
it's like there's a difference where I think with
his work, it's more so about how something feels
versus how something what mean what it means or
um what it's supposed to do or where the story is
supposed to go. It's more so the feeling that it
it gives you. And I think he always tells people
that you know what it means. Yeah. Even if you
don't think you do. Yes. Yeah. And it's it truly
I feel like he'll break a lot of sacred cows or
you know do things that you're not supposed to do
but it like it just works. And yeah, I'd say Blue
Velvet for me is one of my favorite movies of all
time. It's so good and it's so good. I love that
one too cuz it's a it's such a good gateway David
Lynch movie because it on it starts off you know
like most movies in a way it starts off kind of
simply and it actually of all the stuff it is kind
of more commercial leaning um so it's one of those
ones and but yeah but and they have those moments
I I'll never forget the scene near the end spoiler
alert uh that uh you know what they deserve curve
for it. If you haven't seen Blue Velvet, do you
you can you show a clip of this? Can you show
a clip of this? I might be able to. We'll try.
Maybe a frame. Yeah, we throw show a little frame
for sure. All right. So, the frame is is when
um what's the guy's name? Um what's his name
in Kyle McLolin? Kyle Kyle McLaclin. Yeah,
the main character. Um when he walks into home
girl's apartment and some [__] had already
gone down and there's the the detective who's like
wearing a yellow suit. Mhm. And he's just standing
there. He already been shot in the head, but he's
he's standing there still. I love that image so
much. It was so haunting, dude. Like, that kind
of thing. It's just so surreal and such a kind
of like, wait, is this a mainstream movie? Is this
not? But it's just one of those things like that's
you even see his painting background right there
cuz that's like that's just like some uh Yeah.
some bugged out and I feel it's a juxiposition
between this like suburban like kind of fake
Yeah. light vibe like in the first scene I think
is like some dude watering the garden or whatever
and he like chokes himself fire trucks going by
all the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's the best man.
M. And so you like how many years it been like
eight years that you've been making movies now
or have or maybe before that on a smaller scale or
how long have you been making movies? Um well if
you want to go there uh for a while I I started
messing around with camera a long time ago when
I was when I was a kid. Um, when I was in film
school, I made a a short film called Use Me,
which won the audience award at the time. Um,
and I was I've just been always messing around
with stuff. My friends have seen all my work,
but the rest of the world hasn't. Dude, I love
it. It's crazy. Like Cuso and and VHS and and Ash
are all epic and they break your brain. Like they
it's what art is supposed to be, I think. Like
it's really they're all insane. So everybody got
to go watch Kuso was fun and it's Kuso's crazy my
favorite. Yeah, Kuso is fun because it's at that
point now where people are re-examining it and
they're like man that movie I love Kuso and but
at the time people were just like what the [__]
were you thinking? What are you doing? You can't
do this. You can't do this. And it was it was
really right that movie came out like right before
you couldn't really do anything anymore. M it was
like right when they started like oh little cancel
culture right right then and I I feel like I felt
that coming on like you know just peoples were
getting a little sensitive to stuff and but I feel
like now because things have gotten so stale in
a way something like that kind of stands out it's
coming back. Yeah, I think like Gen Z, Gen Alpha,
I think they're just like, "Fuck this." Like,
"We like good art. Like, it's all good." Some
of the people who saw Ash were like, "Oh, man. I
don't know. It's not like Kuso, man." I'm like,
"All right, fair enough." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's
definitely not Cuso. No, Cuso is the will break
your brain. Ash is a little more of a a movie
movie like structured. And Ash is amazing, man.
And I feel like it like really plays on themes
that are growing in the zeitgeist right now. It's
kind of the AI theme a little bit and it's also,
you know, it's a little bit of the pandemic COVID
thing going on as well where you have this kind of
braeing like, you know, parasite that takes over.
Uh, I don't want to spoil that either. You spoiled
it already. I might have just spoiled it. Yeah,
let it happen. Just let it happen. That's cool.
But um, that was amazing. It's an amazing cast.
It's funny though cuz when I think of that movie
now, I feel like if only I had done it now that I
know so much about the, you know, the the lore,
the UFO phenomena lore. Yeah. It would probably
be a little different or I would have a different
take on some of the stuff that I did. Um, how so?
I don't know off top, but I just feel like now I
should be making the alien UFO stuff and maybe the
next one will be, but um I feel way more qualified
to tackle the topic now just because I've been so
deep in it, you know, but you know, there are so
many stories to tell, you know, so many so many
that are that are, you know, one of those things
where it's like It's stranger than fiction. I was
You just took the words out of my mouth. I was
like, that's what I love about the UFO topic is
it is weirder than fiction. Yeah. And that's a
cliche to say, but it's true. You hear some of
these stories, you're like, what happened? And
then you're like sitting in front of the guy and
you're like, you have no mental health history and
you were in a high position in government and like
he got security clearances, all that. He's he's
saying all that. Yep. Wild. Wild. Wild. But yeah,
I I find so much inspiration in just listening
to the stuff. Whether or not it's true or not,
it doesn't matter. It's like I just find it
fascinating. I'm like, "Yeah, keep talking." Well,
I can't wait to see the Fly Low UFO alien movie.
Neither can I. Neither can I. And neither can my
friends cuz I can't stop talking to them about it.
So, they're ready. I love it. It's one of those
things where once you go go down the rabbit hole,
it's like hard to not be annoying about it. Like,
I know. I I I really had to just try
to just not go there. But you know,
some people be like, "All right, so what give me
the doubt of what's going what's been going on,
you know, and you always get looped back in."
You you get tired of it and you're like, "Ah,
this is crazy. There are all these scops. There
are all these full of [__] people." And then you
take a break and then something happens. You're
like [__] back. Yeah. Yeah. True, true. Yeah,
man. when that when that damn um cuz I used to
really [__] with um Jeremy Corbel and George
Knap, but then when Jeremy Corbel went on that
whole tangent about the the missing page and
the fact that he his name was taken off of
the whole thing and it just really rubbed
me the wrong way. That whole thing made a big
old stink about it. Yeah, it was weird. And it
was obvious that it's like it's not about you.
It's not about you. Yeah. Yeah. It was like that
That's an official government document. And what
really got me was Matthew Brown met Shelonburgger
before Jeremy. Right. Right. So it's like and
he's not putting a cover letter promoting his
podcast or what. So like I didn't I didn't
quite get that. Are you going to separate
the Matthew Brown interview into three parts?
Tune in next week kids for the next episode of
Disclosure. Yeah. I like Jeremy but yeah. I mean,
I'm still watching this [__] so obviously I do,
too. But it's just it's it's all the stuff just
makes me it it makes the unease part well in
totally. Well, Matthew Brown also requires a
follow-up. Like, yeah, the stuff that he said,
it was like, you know, I I saw these documents,
Immaculate Con. Here's the maybe the weirdest,
most interesting thing. It was like I figured
out Immaculate Constellation. Lou Alzando's name
was tied to that program. And then Lou Alzando is
testifying with Michael Shaenberger saying um you
know I can't confirm or deny whether I was read
in basically saying I was read into this [__]
So it's like Lou like tell us man like and then
you have Corbel like doing speaking tours with
Lou and stuff. So it's like let's take this thing
a little bit further. And then Matthew Brown gets
into he just tweeted the other day. I don't know
if you saw I didn't see it. Oh, he tweeted the
weirdest like it was like talking about how the
White House has like a crystal ball basically like
they have some proprietary AI that like predicts
future timelines which is from a story based like
if I were in trying to be inspired for like a
movie like so interesting but like it's like dude
what where are you getting that like it's that's
fascinating like that would be crazy if true crazy
if true and I want to know and we DM'd a little
bit but Matthew if you're out there follow up with
I know you said you wanted to talk. Um because
that's that's insane. That's true. That's like
that's fascinating. Yeah. And implying that like
what else was did he say? He said a lot in that
interview, too. Said a lot. Said a lot. And he
said that there is a god, but that we're in kind
of like this prison planet and that these, you
know, beings are, you know, we're kind of like
captured by some of these beings. Well, we're
like an energy source or something like that.
Talking about that. Yeah, we're a resource.
That's what it said. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.
That's kind of dark. I don't I don't I don't know.
I don't know if I want to believe that that's it,
you know? Hopefully, there's some more meaningful
[__] going on. I hope so, too, man. We're
not just getting mind. I wouldn't be surprised,
though. But they'll stop eventually. They're like,
"Hey, you know what's funny, though? I keep
thinking about this [__] like aside from um
the Barney Hill." Yeah. Any other black abductees
out there? M well is it like that is the OG that
is you talked about this last time that is the OG
you know abduction so but that's a great question
I mean aerial school right aerial school for sure
then there's that little girl who says she says
um in space there's no love and we have love
and so that's why the being wanted to come down
and interact or whatever I think that in space
there's no love and down here there is. There
is love. Yes. Mhm. So, but yeah, like they're not
But you think the ratio is a little off? They're
not taking no black people at nighttime coming in
your crib and like taking that just it's for some
reason you think it's a it's a lower percentage
than the percentage of the population or I mean
maybe it's just not reported or something but
I don't I don't know this. I find that really
fascinating. If you if you if you could find some
like a book of black abductees or whatever, I want
that book. Let's audience, let's get the stats
on that. Yeah. Yeah. It's a it's a it's a funny
thing that Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean, the first
one I mean, I don't know if they were the first,
but the first very documented, you know, but that
is interesting. I don't know. Well, Flyo, this was
an honor. That's it. No. How long? I think three
hours. That was three hours. This was amazing,
man. I'm uh anything else that we're missing here
or what? I'm trying to think. We might have got
it, man. We might have got it. But keep fighting
the good fight, man. Thank you, bro. I I will. And
you, too. And I'll do my best. Yeah. But play some
more than beats, though. Y'all don't know that
that's his beat in the intro to the show. Like,
yeah, I found I figured that one out. Oh, man.
Most of my beats. Put some more beats on, dog. I
can't I can't be talking to you about beats. I'll
tell you to do it. I tell you, keep going. Okay.
Okay. Keep going. I need to I need to. But uh
it's therapy, you know. But then I hear your beats
and other people who I like admire and I'm like,
I can't make beats. It's supposed to be fun
first. Okay. It's fun first, man. Like have fun,
you know, and just explore, you know? If something
happens, great. But like just have fun with it.
That's the thing I have to remind myself too. You
know, like there's so much pressure when I sit in
the chair to do anything now. Um that I have to
remind myself that like no one has to hear or see
or anything like I can just have fun doing this.
Isn't that interesting about art where you start
and there's no self-consciousness and then you
become this thing for other Flying Lotus. You're
like a concept for like other people but you're
like still in your head you're like I'm just this
dude. But maybe sometimes when you sit down,
you're like, "Ah, I got to like adhere to this
level of quality that I've done." Absolutely.
And you just It's a daunting thing to just have
a catalog and a lineage and a history and all
this stuff, but at the end of the day, I know
that people can hear when I'm having a good time.
I know it. That's beautiful. I y'all can hear it.
Yeah. You know, you can hear when I'm inspired
and when I'm having a good time. It's like it's
obvious, I think. M do you sometimes look back
at your life and you're like damn like this is
stranger than fiction. Like h like it's a movie.
The amount of people you've intersected with and
your own insane career and then how much you've
been able to do in cinema and you've done I mean
deeper cut people know Captain Murphy that you
rap too and hip-hop production like everything.
Dear man, I I I do and I'm I feel like I just
feel very grateful, man. I feel very grateful
every day. I as written on my refrigerator,
be grateful because I am. It's just I have the
best job in the world and I have so much love and
support for all my endeavors, you know. Of course,
some people don't like what I do. Some people
like this, some people don't like that. Oh,
Cosmic Grand was the only good thing he did. It's
fine, you know. But like I'm I'm having a great
time when I'm creating stuff and I'm I always try
to hold on to that part that the the the innocent
part of of that because it's it's they want to
take it from you. You know, as soon as you start
putting stuff out, they want to take that and you
know, your management, you got managers and people
in your pocket and your families and people want
need money and you got to like support, you know,
and the legal aspects of music and the ownership
and the Yeah. instead of just all that stuff. But
it's creative. Yeah. And it's all all gets in the
way of of the fun and all gets it gets too heavy.
So yeah, trying trying to hold on to that, man, is
is a thing. And like kind of trying to always stay
inspired, always chasing whatever that will keep
me happy and inspired. It's a thing. I love it.
Well, I don't know if I'm going to start making
beats again, but maybe I'll send you some samples
because that it's funny. I have a little bit
of an encyclopedia mind with the UFO stuff and
then it's and then it's samples. I know. It's
crazy. I was so shocked when you started like,
you know, dropping dropping tunes on me. I was
like, "Dude, you know your thing, man." I mean,
I love it. I love it. I don't know. Well, it's uh
it's more impressive to make this stuff than just
You got to send me some playlists, man. You got
to send me I'll send I'll send you some stuff. I'm
sure you've heard everything that I'm sure you're
deeper on all this stuff. I may I may know a thing
or two, but it's still nice to hear where your
ears at, too. But I'll send you some old soul.
Like, I'll send you some samples. Come on, dog. I
will. Let's get it. You promised me those samples
when we first started talking. I feel like
that was early this year and I still ain't got
nothing. Okay. Okay. I'm going to send you some
I will send I know you're a busy man. You know,
you got you got a lot going on. So, I I give you
pass, but I'm I'm I'm waiting. Okay. I will send
you samples and you can do so much more with
these samples than me. So, I really need to
send you get sued. That's what I'm going to
get. That's You can't really sample anymore,
huh? It's just you got to just interpolate or
whatever. It's a rap. Especially, you know,
where I'm at, you know, people like ready to flag
cuz you're so big and all right. Whatever you want
to say about it, they know I'm looking. Yeah.
So, like it's it's not fun, you know? So like
that's why I end up doing a lot more keyboard
stuff and less sampling just because it's like
why did that h cuz like back in the day they would
clear sample like you think about like they would
yeah no they wouldn't well I'm just thinking about
like uh Juicy Fruit and Touay or whatever or like
I don't know upside down from Diana Ross into you
know it's like you're taking the whole song like
that's not even sampling is generous or whatever
you are literally taking a loop from the song and
or whatever I look at why aren't they getting
why isn't there some big legal thing with that
maybe some of the samples were cleared they were
clear but a lot of times it's not necessarily the
artist who will sue you it's their kids you know
like that the grand grandkids coming after you
know like cuz they're in charge of the estate and
they be listening right like that Robin thick for
blurred lines. Marvin Gay over the baseline
or whatever. Yeah, that was bad luck though.
That was bad luck. You think that was just
like really like too much. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You should have saw something interesting. You
should have saw someone looking over You should
be looking over your shoulder doing that kind of
thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was that was
an obvious base. Yeah. That was kind of maybe a
little ripoff. Well, it's hard to I don't know.
Well, I'm usually pro the person taking the stuff
and it's like you're doing something new with it,
you know. I am too, but again, you can't speak
for the estate. And yeah, being a person who's,
you know, my grandma, she wrote Love
Hangover and people sampling her music
is how we ate for years. Yeah, totally. I love
that song, by the way. There's a cure for this.
But, you know, people sampling that was like,
you know, Bone Thug sample it, right? Um,
Will Smith sampled it. Like, so many people
had sampled her stuff. And yeah, man. Like, we
we probably would have been out on the streets if
it wasn't for, you know, people clearing those s.
Yeah, that was that's how we we ate. So, I I
totally see I know the game. I get it. I get it.
People got to eat. So, Uh, yeah, that makes sense.
And she deserves all the credit for that. I mean,
what about Didn't she do stuff for Lamont Doer
back in the day, too? I believe so. I don't know
though, actually. I think so. I don't know what
under a different under a different uh there was
a group or something cuz he was Lamont Doer was
in one of those groups. I'm blanking on which one,
but he also had a solo career and he he was a
great solo artist, but I thought she might have
written something for him. But put me on, dude.
Tell me that'd be awesome. Uh I mean look, people
have been telling me stuff like that though.
Um like she was she had done some stuff in her
Mottown era that I hadn't heard. You know, when my
grandma was around, she was like more so writing
trying to write new songs and trying to, you know,
write jingles and stuff. So she wasn't really
focused on the back catalog as much. It was just
like when those samples and things would come up,
it would just be like, "Oh, and like even the Free
to Pain, I get high." I didn't even know she did
that until the Styles P Styles P I Get I didn't
even know she did a song about getting high,
dude. I was like, "What? Grandma." That's so
funny. I had no idea. That's a beautiful song.
The original is amazing. It's like ethereal and
opulent and like has some really amazing sound
in there. I feel like writers back in the day in
that Mottown era were the most underappreciated.
Like you think about I think about the Mottown
roster obviously like greatest of all time maybe
record label maybe ever. And but like really
the lynch pin I feel like is Smoky Robinson
who is writing all this stuff for everybody else.
I'm like damn like how did you write that? It's
wild man. And like some of the just some of the
session musicians, you know, who they would call
back in and all that stuff, they' be like that
would be part of the sound that part of like
the the foundation for all all this great music.
And then they would sometimes get sick of writing
and they'd be like we want the we want to be up in
front up up up front like um Mike Thundercat. Mike
Thundercat. There you go. That's a great example.
Well, I remember like you know like McFatten and
Whitehead like ain't no stopping us now. Like they
were writers before you know a lot of it. Yeah.
Yeah. My my grandma was doing she had her own
music at the time too and you know I don't think
much happened with her own stuff her own personal
music but yeah there was I think a lot of those
writers were musicians and wanted to have a career
singing and you know maybe didn't pop off but
they could write. So, but it's a it's a thing I I
would see still. Um, she wrote for Junior Walker,
too. That just came. Yeah. I love Junior. It's
awesome. But yeah, man. Like even in in modern
days, you see it. There's just there's people
was like, see, she was like a songwriter, but
she was like kind of like a background character,
didn't want. And then, yeah, eventually just like,
you know what? I'm doing my thing. Not going to
show my face, though. Yeah. Never. Never. World.
That's She won. That's the move, right? Yeah.
You're that big. Yeah. And he can just hide.
Incredible. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe she was inspired by
MFD. I was just thinking about that, dude. Like,
man, dude, he really did figure it out, didn't he?
He figured it out. Yeah, man. I was funny cuz I
I only just made the connection to the gladiator
mask. Oh, dude, it looks the same. I did. I just
did what you said. I did the connection. I was
like, what is that? No. Yeah, that's wild. So,
he must have been basing it off of Gladiator. Is
Gladiator I feel like that I don't know where the
mask comes from, but that is like the same mask.
It's the same mask. Yeah, cuz you have it going it
goes below the chin. Yeah. Whoa. That's trippy.
Yeah, man. He his stuff is so like the metal
fingers beats and stuff, too. It was funny, man,
when I first got into that. So, like these are
some of the worst beats I've ever heard. They're
just like raw as hell. And then eventually they're
like come the best beats you've ever heard, you
know? Yeah. But I Well, he would just take Well,
they were all named after Roots, you know, and
then he would just take like a Doobie Brothers
loop and just throw it on there. Throw the worst
snares on. Yeah. And then eventually like, "Okay,
I get it." It just kind of work. Yeah. Absolutely.
Like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I love it, man. Well,
round two. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. We'll
actually finish this. We're actually wrapping up.
I could talk to you for hours, man. Fly low. This
was an honor. True honor. And uh hopefully we come
back when you are making your movie, your crazy
movie about I would love to. I would love to. And
um thank you for having me. Honestly, it's so cool
to be on the other side of this, man. Oh, man. I
appreciate it. And I I owe you some sampling. I'm
now publicly being held account accountable for
this. Yeah. Yeah. I need to follow up. It's time.
It's time. I might not put it out, but if you did,
that would be uh a life moment for me on the order
of like probably more important than anything I've
done. You know, when you do a thing in the domain
you you kind of know you're okay at or whatever,
and you're like, "All right, fine. This would be
so much cooler for me that now it's got to happen.
So, send me some [__] Let's get it going.
I'm going to send you some [__] That would
be crazy. That would be appreciate you. Thank
you, man. Thank you. You know, that just got me
thinking like, you know, walking Phoenix provided
push a tea with a beat. No way. Do you know about
this? No. I think like that King Push song like
Yeah. I don't know if he gave it to him and it was
produced by somebody, but he Yeah, it came from
Phoenix. We Phoenix gave the beat to Yay. So, when
I got the beat from Yay, it was, "Yo, why gave
me this beat?" That's interesting. Really weird.
I've been hearing about some low-key producers.
Robert Patson be making beats. No way. Yeah,
dude. Is it good? I don't know. I've been trying
to get them. I've been trying to get the beat. So,
just for my curiosity, I got to know. Oh, wow.
Got to know. Oh, that's so cool. Yeah. I just I
don't know how to do drum. I'm I'm so good at the
sample selection and then I just always sucked at
drums and I can't Do you program them in? Yeah,
just MIDI. Yeah, that's why. Oh, you got to play
them some. It's But I don't think I can play
them. I just I don't know. You can really don't
knock it yet. Just try. Just try. The click in the
beats thing is difficult. It's difficult to get a
vibe from that. It's it's really difficult. And
I actually do that sometimes. knowing what it's
going to sound like. Like sometimes I want stuff
that sounds rigid on purpose. Yes. But like it's
only only then because like I just cannot and a
lot of people do that. A lot of people just click
them in and all I just cannot do it. Yeah. Yeah.
If I want that feel. Yeah. But like you got it.
You just got to But even I remember like there's a
Kanye interview where he's like I can He says he I
mean he's amazing but he was like I could never
figure out drums. He was like my drums didn't
slap like Dilla. He was like, "My drums were not
like Travis Scott." Like, yeah, but his drums,
he did his thing with he does his thing with what
he's got, you know? And I think I think, you know,
Doom did his thing. But when you listen to early
Kanye, like his first track ever for Rockefeller,
I think, was Beanie Seagull and Jay, this can't
be life on one of Beanie Seagull's random mixtapz.
And you hear the drums and you're like, "These
are garbage." Like these are not good drums.
Yeah. And then half the drums are like impeach the
president, you know, [__] generic ass [__] But
you just got to try sound for sound. Don't do like
the whole kit. Don't be trying to play the whole
kit. Just do like just do some high hats first.
Play those in. Play the high hats in. You know,
you can even quantize them later, but just
put the high hats in and then, you know,
do the snare, do the kick. Okay. But another
thing for you in that case. Yeah. Cuz now you
you put me on. Yeah. Is do your drums first and
then try to form your sampling around the drums
versus using the sample. Trust me. Okay. Yeah.
It's like I have trouble with that sometimes
like find cuz finding the right pairing can
be really can be really challenging. Yeah.
But like if you set the drums first and you get
a good groove with them drums, then something
else can happen. Then maybe you might think
I feel like you're more optimistic than me,
but I will try. Oh, man. You can do it. You can do
it. You just got to have the time. Appreciate you,
man. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. All
right. We're actually done. Actually done.
Quick heads up for you guys. American Alchemy
merch just dropped. It's all super high quality,
100% cotton, embroidered hats, clean designs.
I wore the logo tea on Rogan. It's up now.
Go to americanalchemymerch.com to check it
out. Thanks for the support. It means a lot.